# QuickParse: a Java library to quickly build parsers
QuickParse is a single-jar library that allows to 
programmatically define parsers for formal languages.
Differently from parsers generators, or compilers compilers,
QuickParse allows to maintain and change grammars directly 
in the code, without starting external generation processes.
The parser is built at runtime, at the moment the program
requires it, precisely.

QuickParse exposes some Java classes and 
interfaces that define the main components of a compiler:
- `Grammar`: a class that represents a grammar and describes
  the language constructs and tokens.
  
- `Parser`: an interface that must be implemented to provide
different parsing strategies. The user can provide its own 
  parser implementation.
  
- `RecursiveDescentParser`: actually the only available
  implementation of the `Parser` interface, which provides
  a scanner-less, top-down, recursive parsing strategy,
  optimized through an LRU (Least Recently Used) cache.
  
- `SyntaxTreeVisitor`: interface used to visit the full
  syntax tree generated by a parser. The user can directly
  implement this interface to do semantics analysis of a
  syntax tree.
  
- `Interpreter`: a simple interface that can be implemented
to provide different and high-level interpretation strategies
  of syntax trees, beyond syntax tree visitor.
  
- `SimpleInterpreter`: a class that allows to build an 
interpreter by using Lambda Expressions.
  
- `TypedInterpreter`: the highest-level interpreter
implementation provided by QuickParse. It allows to create
  classes with annotated methods to analyze syntax trees.
  It allows a strong dynamic type checking for the objects
  produced during the analysis process.

# Example use case
**TODO**
```
code
```